Anita and I came here to Honduras, as missionaries, as single people, and Anita came here one year before I did.
I graduated from Giliad in 1974. I was so excited.
But on the flight to Honduras, a feeling of loneliness and anxiety overpowered me.
I was sitting there all by myself, and I thought, what if they forgot that I'm coming?
That nobody's still waiting for me, or they never got the information.
One night, Charlie, after arriving in my assignment, suddenly my bed started to shake.
And I thought, what on earth is going on?
I had no idea because I never experienced an earthquake before my life.
But then I heard a voice.
That means in English, Joseph, come on down quick.
So I came down, and I saw my dear friends Ramon and Melodya, who came from their house to check on me.
I was so happy to see them, and I gave them a big bear hug, I almost cried.
Because of their hospitality, friendship, and love for me.
When I stepped down the airplane, I saw a group of people.
And I realized they're my brothers.
I'm not alone. That's my new family. They're waiting for me.
Before the years have passed since we arrived in Madura.